HTML Tools
----------

Helper tools for working with HTML strings in javascript. It is _not_ a DOM
manipulation library. It is meant to be used as a helper utility within
templates to make them more readable and faster to code.

Installation
------------

For use with Node.js, you can simply install it with NPM:

    npm install htmltools

For using within browser, you can include htmltools in your AMD project as
dependency:

    define(['htmltools'], function(html) {
    
    });

You can also simply include it as a `<script>` tag:

    <script src="js/htmltools.js"></script>

Basic usage
-----------

Currently, HTML tools have only one type of functionality, and that's eclosing
strings in HTML tags. This works only for strings that have a closing tag.

Here's an example using the `<strong>` tag:

    var html = require('htmltools');
    var s = 'my string';
    html.strong(s);
    // returns: '<strong>my strong</strong>'

You can also add attributes by specifying them as attribute-value pairs:

    html.a(s, {href: "http://example.com/"});
    // returns: '<a href="http://example.com/">my string</a>'

If you do not want to have `html` appear throughout your code, you can overload
the `String.prototype` and call the `html` methods as `String` methods:

    html.overloadPrototype(); // call once in your main script
    s.a({href: "http://example.com/"});
    // returns: '<a href="http://example.com/">my string</a>'

Usage notes
-----------

HTML tools are very generic. They do not perform any escaping or validation.
You can add any attribute to any HTML element, legal or illegal, and you can
also mess attributes up by inserting a space in attribute names or by inserting
double quotes in attribute values. These issues will be addressed in future
versions, but for now, HTML tools will rely on good behavior of developers.

Supported tags
--------------

HTML tools uses the `enclose()` method to enlose strings in any tag. For
convenience, though, several HTML tags have shortcut methods. Those are:

 + p 
 + a 
 + strong (with 'b' alias)
 + em (with 'i' alias)
 + button
 + code 
 + pre 
 + blockquote 
 + div 
 + li 
 + dd 
 + dt 
 + td 
 + th
 + tr 
 + h1 
 + h2 
 + h3 
 + h4 
 + h5 
 + h6 
 + tt

If you need any other tags, you can use the `enclose()` method like this:

    html.enclose(s, 'mytag');
    // returns: '<mytag>my string</mytag>'

Supported platforms
-------------------

HTML tools should run fine on Node.js, AMD-compliant workflows (Require.js),
and in most browsers as `window.html` global.

Bugs and feature requests
------------------------

Please use our 
[GitHub issue tracker](https://github.com/Monwara/htmltools/issues) to report 
issues and request new features.

License
-------

Released under MIT license.

Copyright (c)2012, by Monwara LLC. All rights reserved.

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of
this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in
the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to
use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies
of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do
so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.
